Add flexible `ImagePullSecrets` support (#1897)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/30-administration/80-kubernetes.md

# Uninstall
helm delete woodpecker-agent
```

> ## ImagePullSecrets

Reviewer: Shouldn't it be in docs/docs/30-administration/22-backends/40-kubernetes.md

By default pods look for a secret named "regcred" in the respective namespace.

> Existing secrets can be used by overwriting the default secret name Woodpecker is looking for via the k8s backend option `backend-k8s-pod-image-pull-secret`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Existing secrets can be used by overwriting the default secret name Woodpecker is looking for via the `WOODPECKER_BACKEND_K8S_IMAGE_PULL_SECRETS` environment variable.
```
